Help me investigate this one called Si Xiaoxiao
I want to know all about him
Ok Mr. Ji
Mr. Ji
This is the result of a small personal investigation into the company
Si Xiaoxiao is 22 years old
After graduating from high school, the parents reorganized their family
He also has an older brother
Parents prefer boys to girls
His house has a Matsuhui station
He also has a group of Wang fried since he was a child
Childhood sweetheart boyfriend
It is said that the two have a good relationship
One day he already has something he likes
I thought she was going to be our CEO's wife
I didn't expect that they already have a boyfriend
She's pregnant with someone else's child
Oh, smile.
How was your day with Shinyan?
Have you changed your mind?
Not much.
I will not marry Jay Chou
What do you want if you don't marry Zhou Jie?
Do you know what he did?
You don't care what he did
Even if you die, you will marry Zhou Jie
I won't marry oops
Xiaoxiao, don't be ambitious with your father
He's doing it for your own good too
Good for me
Can you ignore my opinion for my own good?
If you are really good for me
You should return the 250,000's dowry to him
Cancel this marriage
What happened to 250,000 we raised you so much?
Besides, the boss is getting married soon
What happened to your out-point power as his sister?
Just because my eldest brother is getting married
Are you going to sell me to such a beast?
Do you think he is still human?
Damn girl, I told you you were raised by me
Who am I asking you to marry?
You have to marry me honestly
Wow! What are you doing?